The last page in our project is gonna be contact page where again we have tons of things that we have
from the indexation email page meaning our homepage but we to the form we're in there is gonna be the
name input email input as well as the description text there.
Now let's head over back to our project.
First let's create the page so we're going to say contact H.
Now that's going to be your name and within the page again we would like to copy and paste from the
about or numbers because they are just going to be shorter since again and we're going to reuse tons
of things from there.
And maybe let's delete the long text.
We are not going to use it or we're not gonna need it in our case.
So once that is deleted we can also change the heading One AND LET'S WRITE.
Contact us.
Going to be our heading and within a little browser window and just navigate the contact page.
And this is gonna be our page.
Now before we start working on a form maybe let's also change the title.
There should be contact.
And now here are on the top of the tab.
I have my title of the page.
Now what we have for the forum.
Well we have the heading One right.
And then we would need to create the form element or element.
And we can use the element obviously for this and we can just leave the action blank.
Again we're not going to be collecting the values as well as let's start with the simple comment just
to separate later on what we're going to be creating.
This is going to be the name we need to use the label element.
Now the label element will have the four attribute and this is gonna point to the idea that we're gonna
be creating now in our case the idea we're going to have to be name mostly for the label to match as
well as let's write input with a type of text.
I also would like to add name attribute and we're gonna set the name attribute equal to the name in
this case.
And last but not least we have the 80 and the idea needs to match for attributes in the label.
So in this case.
Well then also a name with name and now I have excellent input where if I'm gonna click on the label
the input is gonna be highlighted.
So this is gonna be my name and again the reason for the comment is just making a separation later on
it since this is gonna be the name but the next one is gonna be e-mail.
So I'm gonna change the comment through email and now we're gonna change name in a few places.
Since we don't want to keep the name but in fact this is gonna be email server so we're gonna be deleting
it from the floor as well as the name on the label.
The I.D. And last but not least the name attribute.
So I can just delete all of them at the same time and let's write your email as long as email.
Now we could have written.
Same way how we did it deletion but since this is capital I just kind of rewrote it.
All of them one at the same time.
Now we have everything we have for attribute name I.D. email once we're gonna save it.
We're gonna have our e-mail now maybe we can also add the Lindberg This is gonna look a little bit better
and just get the actual line work as well as yeah maybe another one that might look a little bit more
decent if we have two lines in between.
And what else we have.
Well we can also use the text area for a description.
So let me copy this and now I have two line breaks as well here and here I'm gonna say that there's
going to be a comment in the description and this wouldn't be the common form and description and let's
write personal paragraph the corruption.
So this would be my paragraph basically the value within the paragraph is gonna be description and we
know that we have the text area right.
We have a text area element now within the text area.
Let's also write a name for description.
Now as you can see in this case we're not using the label so we don't really care about Daddy.
It can stay there blank.
It doesn't really matter.
Columns are gonna stay 30 rows are gonna say 10 and you know what let's write just a placeholder let's
say for the place holder we're gonna say your description.
This is something we should write and now we have a nice text area with a place holder of description.
And yeah I think that's gonna be enough for our contact page.
Let me just double check whether everything is working in the bigger browser window.
We'll have the numbers from the numbers we can navigate in the contact.
This is where we'll have our simple form and I think that everything is working fine.
And we have successfully created all our four pages.